welcome back I got like five seconds cut
off of my last one I guess it kind of
sucks but whatever I made Natalia you
know who she is my name is this guy for
my other teenager and his name is going
to be comrade the cat in hat I guess
whatever I don't know why I think of
that plenty of pornos
you scare me which is why I'm going to
keep you exactly the way you are and
just go right on the clothing
what's wrong with its shoes that I clown
shoes I like that shirt I see your pants
guy said no man they have to go a lot of
ads can I just be no no pants we can be
steeper still food
I just little bit
but their brother close this thing that
can block
and let's change your ugly clown shoes
extremely white shoes oh those are
actually pre-made shoes
something very black
and nautical formal all Jesus these
people cause this
look now you have a white top god-awful
shoes again
okay I don't care not gonna be wearing
formal Monday night what are you still
going off somebody already has green bad
kind of these pants that could come out
sick
oh I see you ty let's do it cut my
office there
he looks grungy now that okay but what
it can't speeding through this one on a
powder buy that though there's no
no no not the shirt yeah there you look
ten times better her shoes are pretty
sweet though hi i can't i click on them
i can't i click on them
friends they looked at I don't care see
what I care comrade
so my studies
just green bigger
and they can make these other random
colors
we were festive
those are ugly I don't care do it even
do do we do since oh I forgot to look at
it thing again fool no no no sometime
dirty that nobody want to it I need
somebody weird then that is so weird
let's say
Oh
okay the answer of you
oh yeah
I don't know the man can lets me come
it sounds leave it
yes
his evil he is a computer whiz cuz you
can be hacker yes brave and
people
I there at all i had like most adore
don't eat that gross Sifl
just for that you can have use your guys
favorite hard to be purple oh my god
sure I don't care I'm look at her hey it
wasn't asking me and I'm sick of making
people and I probably won't show the
video of building a house because that
would take forever it'd be like 30 parts
it'd be ridiculous but how do we have we
have Davis and Alice and Eli
and shall we Natalia oh my gosh and
Conrad that's our family should I make
them related that's a lot of people hi
he looks like a dude
ah
these guys can be brother and sister
so like they got moved in or something I
don't care they don't need parents it's
not like this ends to where it just
works or you need an adult did you do Oh
outside I failed Oh difficulty is five
little bubble bar things can I stop here
comes out for like building so I'll
probably have a host next time Peggy was
so cool